.TH SHIBOKEN "1" "March 2010" "shiboken v0.2.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
shiboken \- CPython bindings generator for C++ libraries
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS "Usage:"
.IP
shiboken [options] header\-file typesystem\-file
.SS "General options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\-level\fR=\fI[sparse\fR|medium|full]
Set the debug level
.TP
\fB\-\-documentation\-only\fR
Do not generates any code, just the documentation
.TP
\fB\-\-generatorSet\fR
generatorSet to be used. e.g. qtdoc
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-include\-paths=\fR<path>[:<path>:...]
Include paths used by the C++ parser
.TP
\fB\-\-license\-file\fR=\fI[licensefile]\fR
File used for copyright headers of generated files
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-suppress\-warnings\fR
Show all warnings
.TP
\fB\-\-output\-directory\fR=\fI[dir]\fR
The directory where the generated files will be written
.TP
\fB\-\-silent\fR
Avoid printing any message
.TP
\fB\-\-typesystem\-paths=\fR<path>[:<path>:...]
Paths used when searching for typesystems
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit
.SS "Shiboken options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-verbose\-error\-messages\fR
Disable verbose error messages. Turn the python code hard to debug but safe few kB on the generated bindings.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-parent\-ctor\-heuristic\fR
Enable heuristics to detect parent relationship on constructors.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-pyside\-extensions\fR
Enable PySide extensions, such as support for signal/slots, use this if you are creating a binding for a Qt\-based library.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-return\-value\-heuristic\fR
Enable heuristics to detect parent relationship on return values (USE WITH CAUTION!)
.SS "Shiboken options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-verbose\-error\-messages\fR
Disable verbose error messages. Turn the python code hard to debug but safe few kB on the generated bindings.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-parent\-ctor\-heuristic\fR
Enable heuristics to detect parent relationship on constructors.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-pyside\-extensions\fR
Enable PySide extensions, such as support for signal/slots, use this if you are creating a binding for a Qt\-based library.
.TP
\fB\-\-enable\-return\-value\-heuristic\fR
Enable heuristics to detect parent relationship on return values (USE WITH CAUTION!)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2009\-2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(\fB\-ies\fR)
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
This manpage was written for Debian, starting with a help2man output, by
Didier Raboud <didier@raboud.com>, on the 26. March 2010.
